Sencha Software Evaluation License Agreement

https://www.sencha.com/legal/sencha-software-evaluation-license-agreement/

Version 3.1

THIS DOCUMENT IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) BETWEEN SENCHA INC.
(“We,” “Us”) AND YOU OR THE ORGANIZATION ON WHOSE BEHALF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO
THIS AGREEMENT (“You”) IN RELATION TO THE SOFTWARE YOU HAVE DOWNLOADED OR
RECEIVED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT (the “Software”) FOR THE PERIOD OF
TIME WE HAVE ASSOCIATED AS APPLICABLE TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE SOFTWARE (the
“Trial Period”).

1. LICENSE GRANT

Subject to Your compliance with all of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, We grant to You a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable and
non-sublicensable license to install and use the Software (the “Trial
License”) strictly for Your internal evaluation and review purposes and not
for production purposes. You agree not to use a Trial License for any purpose
other than determining whether to purchase a license to the Software. You are
explicitly not permitted to distribute the Software to any user outside the
Organization on whose behalf You have undertaken this license. This Agreement
and Your rights to use the Trial License will immediately terminate upon the
earlier of (i) the expiration of the Trial Period, or (ii) such time that You
purchase a license to the Software. We reserve the right to terminate Your
Trial License at any time in Our absolute and sole discretion. This Agreement
and Your right to use the Software will terminate immediately if You fail to
comply with any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Upon
termination, You agree to immediately cease using and destroy the Software,
including all accompanying documents. This is a license agreement and not an
agreement for sale. We reserve ownership of all intellectual property rights
inherent in or relating to the Software.

2. GENERAL TERMS

This Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual
understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written
and oral agreements and communications relating to the subject matter of this
Agreement. No oral or written information given by Us, Our resellers, or
otherwise on Our behalf shall create a warranty or collateral contract, or in
any way increase the scope of this Agreement in any way, and You may not rely
on any such oral or written information. Any waivers or amendments shall be
effective only if made in writing. Further, any different or additional terms
of any related purchase order, confirmation, or similar form shall have no
force or effect. If any provision in this Agreement shall be determined to be
invalid, such provision shall be deemed omitted; the remainder of this
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. If any remedy provided is
determined to have failed for its essential purpose, all limitations of
liability and exclusions of damages set forth in this Agreement shall remain
in effect. The failure of either party to enforce any provision of this
Agreement may not be deemed a waiver of that or any other provision of this
Agreement. This Agreement is governed by the law of the State of California,
United States (notwithstanding conflicts of laws provisions), and all parties
irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the state or federal courts of the
State of California and further agree to commence any litigation which may
arise hereunder in the state or federal courts located in the judicial
district of San Mateo County, California.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE AND OUR RESELLERS
DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, WITH REGARD TO THE
SOFTWARE. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE OR THE CODE
IT PRODUCES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, AND YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT IT
IS NOT TECHNICALLY PRACTICABLE FOR US TO DO SO.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL WE OR OUR
RESELLERS BE LIABLE UNDER ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY FOR ANY SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS
OF BUSINESS INFORMATION OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LAW) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF
OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE OR THE CODE IT PRODUCES OR ANY OTHER SUBJECT
MATTER RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF WE OR OUR RESELLERS HAVE BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN ANY CASE, OUR ENTIRE LIABILITY
WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUBJECT MATER RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED
TO FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($500).

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

This software includes code derived from TernJS, which is distributed under
the following license:

TernJS

Copyright (C) 2013 by Marijn Haverbeke and others <marijnh@gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
